Today's meeting will invest in supporting Jiang Yonghui's family
We invest the amount according to the period
Fines were imposed proportionally
Among you
The pre-marital evaluation selects the minimum proportion of 10%.
That's 300 million.
I don't know if you like this punishment?
I said you can handle it in this palace.
Don't worry about my feelings
It seems that it is not good because
This is where you're bringing me.
This Dingsheng Industrial
It is a branch of Yejia in Haicheng
It was not made public before
It's for fear of stimulating local businesses
But now the vitality of the Haicheng family is seriously damaged
There's nothing to hide
A few days from today
You are the general manager of this company
It's not appropriate for me to be the general manager
Nothing inappropriate
Are you my fiance?
OK
Miss Ben's man doesn't want others to look down on him
Received
Misu and I still have some information to prepare
You go around by yourself first
Yeah, you go.
Mom, I don't want to see the former VP